IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another browser. SKIP TO CONTENT NBC News Logo Politics U.S. News World Business Tech Health Culture & trends NBC News Tipline Share & Save — My News Manage Profile Email Preferences Sign Out Search Search Profile  My News Sign Out  Sign In Create your free profile Sections Coronavirus U.S. News Politics World Local Business Health Investigations Culture & Trends Science Sports Tech & Media Video Features Photos Weather Select Asian America NBCBLK NBC Latino NBC OUT tv Today Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Featured NBC News Now Better Nightly Films Stay Tuned Special Features Newsletters Podcasts Listen Now More From NBC CNBC NBC.COM NBCU Academy NBC Learn Peacock NEXT STEPS FOR VETS Parent Toolkit NBC News Site Map Help Follow NBC News Search Search Facebook Twitter Email SMS Print Whatsapp Reddit Pocket Flipboard Pinterest Linkedin U.S. news Families prayed for a miracle as a deadly blizzard trapped their loved ones in cars. None came. “We still feel helpless,” said a relative of Anndel Taylor, 22, who was stuck in her car for two days before she was found dead on Christmas. Holiday snowstorm becomes Buffalo’s deadliest in history 02:09 Link copied Dec. 27, 2022, 9:40 PM UTC By  Melissa Chan The families prayed for a miracle, knowing their loved ones were trapped in their cars for days as an  unprecedented blizzard  paralyzed Buffalo, New York, with freezing temperatures and blinding snow. In Anndel Taylor’s home on Sunday night, a Christmas feast, full of the 22-year-old’s favorite dishes — macaroni and cheese, jerk pork and spiral ham — sat at the table untouched. At a nearby home, the food also went cold as   Edie   Syta   and her brother   received news that their   73-year-old   mother,   Stasia Jóźwiak, who drove to the supermarket on Friday, was never coming back.  “You hope for the freaking best and you want the best, and everyone’s praying and everyone wants a miracle, and it doesn’t turn out that way,” Syta said through tears.  At least 64 people in the U.S. have died in the blizzard that wreaked havoc in at least a dozen states, according to an NBC News tally. Erie County, New York, accounted for more than half the death toll at 33, including 28 in Buffalo, officials said.  Among the dead in Erie County were many who perished from heart problems while shoveling or blowing snow, County Executive Mark Poloncarz said. The "once in a lifetime" storm, Poloncarz added, also killed many people in their cars.  On Friday afternoon, Jóźwiak wanted to buy fresh fish to make a traditional Polish meal for Christmas Eve, but her red Chevy Cobalt   got stuck in a snowdrift, Syta said. Stasia Jóźwiak, 73, died while trapped in her car in the blizzard. Courtesy Edie Syta Jóźwiak asked for prayers when she spoke to her daughter around 7 p.m. At the time, she had been stuck in her car for about five hours.  “She said, ‘I need a miracle from God. Can you please pray for me?’ She said she loved me. I told her I loved her, too," Syta said. “I said, ‘Hold tight. We’re coming from you.'"  Syta and her spouse tried to dig out their truck to rescue her, but even their four-wheel pick-up truck with snow tires couldn't get anywhere.  When Jóźwiak stopped picking up her phone about two hours later,   her daughter called the police multiple times, as well as the National Guard,   the phone company,   storm hotlines   and any friend she could think of that could possibly help.  Syta’s spouse spent hours on foot, trying to find Jóźwiak, but was not successful.  On Christmas, Syta’s friends, who loved Jóźwiak and called her "Mama," set out to bring her home. Around 8 p.m., they found Jóźwiak's red Chevy and her body inside.  “It was such a shock,” Syta said. “I go through my emotions like a roller coaster." “I don’t want to believe it," she said twice. 'We still feel helpless' Anndel Taylor, who was weeks away from turning 23, was headed home from her assistant job at a nursing home Friday afternoon when whiteout conditions turned perilous and her car got stuck in the snow, her family said.  Taylor called the police, but she had no choice but to wait inside her car, which she kept running for warmth, said her mother, Wanda Brown Steele.  Taylor last spoke to her older sister shortly after midnight, telling her over the phone that she was going to go to sleep and try walking to safety in the morning. Anndel Taylor with her father. Taylor family Two days later, on Christmas night, a family friend found Taylor's car, which was still running, and broke through a window. He found Taylor lying dead in the reclined driver's seat. “I’m good one minute, then it hits me,” Brown Steele said, adding that the image of her daughter’s frozen body sucks the oxygen out of the room.  “That tore me up. I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t breathe,” she said.  Taylor had moved from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Buffalo in early 2020 to be with her diabetic father and to finish college, where she was studying business administration.  Her father, Handel Taylor, said on the days he'd leave for dialysis, Taylor would rub his legs and put his socks and shoes on him. In the mornings, she would often dangle her hair over him, tickling his sleeping face until he woke up.  "When I open my eyes, I’d see her standing over me," he said. "Sometimes I’d laugh. Sometimes I’d say, 'Get out of my room.'" He chuckled as he remembered the happy memories he had with his daughter, especially in the last two years they lived together.  In August, when the family went to the state fair, Taylor asked her father to ride the carousel with her. At 51, he did not want to but he hopped on board anyway.  "All the kids were looking at me. That was embarrassing," he said. "I wanted her to be happy.” Taylor was a go-getter, determined to finish school, save enough money to buy a house and open up a business with her brother. "She had plans. She was doing it," her mother said. "She got further than anybody, including myself." In the snowed-in Buffalo home that Taylor called home, there is nothing much to do but mourn her. "Everywhere in the house, everybody sees her face," said Taylor's stepmother, Lasheena Smith. "We still feel helpless." Melissa Chan Melissa Chan is a reporter for NBC News Digital with a focus on veterans’ issues, mental health in the military and gun violence. About Contact Help Careers Ad Choices Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information CA Notice Terms of Service NBC News Sitemap Advertise Select Shopping Select Personal Finance © 2023 NBC UNIVERSAL NBC News Logo MSNBC Logo Today Logo
IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another browser. SKIP TO CONTENT NBC News Logo Politics U.S. News World Business Tech Health Culture & trends NBC News Tipline Share & Save — My News Manage Profile Email Preferences Sign Out Search Search Profile  My News Sign Out  Sign In Create your free profile Sections Coronavirus U.S. News Politics World Local Business Health Investigations Culture & Trends Science Sports Tech & Media Video Features Photos Weather Select Asian America NBCBLK NBC Latino NBC OUT tv Today Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Featured NBC News Now Better Nightly Films Stay Tuned Special Features Newsletters Podcasts Listen Now More From NBC CNBC NBC.COM NBCU Academy NBC Learn Peacock NEXT STEPS FOR VETS Parent Toolkit NBC News Site Map Help Follow NBC News Search Search Facebook Twitter Email SMS Print Whatsapp Reddit Pocket Flipboard Pinterest Linkedin U.S. news Families prayed for a miracle as a deadly blizzard trapped their loved ones in cars. None came. “We still feel helpless,” said a relative of Anndel Taylor, 22, who was stuck in her car for two days before she was found dead on Christmas. Holiday snowstorm becomes Buffalo’s deadliest in history 02:09 Link copied Dec. 27, 2022, 9:40 PM UTC By  Melissa Chan The families prayed for a miracle, knowing their loved ones were trapped in their cars for days as an  unprecedented blizzard  paralyzed Buffalo, New York, with freezing temperatures and blinding snow. In Anndel Taylor’s home on Sunday night, a Christmas feast, full of the 22-year-old’s favorite dishes — macaroni and cheese, jerk pork and spiral ham — sat at the table untouched. At a nearby home, the food also went cold as   Edie   Syta   and her brother   received news that their   73-year-old   mother,   Stasia Jóźwiak, who drove to the supermarket on Friday, was never coming back.  “You hope for the freaking best and you want the best, and everyone’s praying and everyone wants a miracle, and it doesn’t turn out that way,” Syta said through tears.  At least 64 people in the U.S. have died in the blizzard that wreaked havoc in at least a dozen states, according to an NBC News tally. Erie County, New York, accounted for more than half the death toll at 33, including 28 in Buffalo, officials said.  Among the dead in Erie County were many who perished from heart problems while shoveling or blowing snow, County Executive Mark Poloncarz said. The "once in a lifetime" storm, Poloncarz added, also killed many people in their cars.  On Friday afternoon, Jóźwiak wanted to buy fresh fish to make a traditional Polish meal for Christmas Eve, but her red Chevy Cobalt   got stuck in a snowdrift, Syta said. Stasia Jóźwiak, 73, died while trapped in her car in the blizzard. Courtesy Edie Syta Jóźwiak asked for prayers when she spoke to her daughter around 7 p.m. At the time, she had been stuck in her car for about five hours.  “She said, ‘I need a miracle from God. Can you please pray for me?’ She said she loved me. I told her I loved her, too," Syta said. “I said, ‘Hold tight. We’re coming from you.'"  Syta and her spouse tried to dig out their truck to rescue her, but even their four-wheel pick-up truck with snow tires couldn't get anywhere.  When Jóźwiak stopped picking up her phone about two hours later,   her daughter called the police multiple times, as well as the National Guard,   the phone company,   storm hotlines   and any friend she could think of that could possibly help.  Syta’s spouse spent hours on foot, trying to find Jóźwiak, but was not successful.  On Christmas, Syta’s friends, who loved Jóźwiak and called her "Mama," set out to bring her home. Around 8 p.m., they found Jóźwiak's red Chevy and her body inside.  “It was such a shock,” Syta said. “I go through my emotions like a roller coaster." “I don’t want to believe it," she said twice. 'We still feel helpless' Anndel Taylor, who was weeks away from turning 23, was headed home from her assistant job at a nursing home Friday afternoon when whiteout conditions turned perilous and her car got stuck in the snow, her family said.  Taylor called the police, but she had no choice but to wait inside her car, which she kept running for warmth, said her mother, Wanda Brown Steele.  Taylor last spoke to her older sister shortly after midnight, telling her over the phone that she was going to go to sleep and try walking to safety in the morning. Anndel Taylor with her father. Taylor family Two days later, on Christmas night, a family friend found Taylor's car, which was still running, and broke through a window. He found Taylor lying dead in the reclined driver's seat. “I’m good one minute, then it hits me,” Brown Steele said, adding that the image of her daughter’s frozen body sucks the oxygen out of the room.  “That tore me up. I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t breathe,” she said.  Taylor had moved from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Buffalo in early 2020 to be with her diabetic father and to finish college, where she was studying business administration.  Her father, Handel Taylor, said on the days he'd leave for dialysis, Taylor would rub his legs and put his socks and shoes on him. In the mornings, she would often dangle her hair over him, tickling his sleeping face until he woke up.  "When I open my eyes, I’d see her standing over me," he said. "Sometimes I’d laugh. Sometimes I’d say, 'Get out of my room.'" He chuckled as he remembered the happy memories he had with his daughter, especially in the last two years they lived together.  In August, when the family went to the state fair, Taylor asked her father to ride the carousel with her. At 51, he did not want to but he hopped on board anyway.  "All the kids were looking at me. That was embarrassing," he said. "I wanted her to be happy.” Taylor was a go-getter, determined to finish school, save enough money to buy a house and open up a business with her brother. "She had plans. She was doing it," her mother said. "She got further than anybody, including myself." In the snowed-in Buffalo home that Taylor called home, there is nothing much to do but mourn her. "Everywhere in the house, everybody sees her face," said Taylor's stepmother, Lasheena Smith. "We still feel helpless." Melissa Chan Melissa Chan is a reporter for NBC News Digital with a focus on veterans’ issues, mental health in the military and gun violence. About Contact Help Careers Ad Choices Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information CA Notice Terms of Service NBC News Sitemap Advertise Select Shopping Select Personal Finance © 2023 NBC UNIVERSAL NBC News Logo MSNBC Logo Today Logo
IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another browser. BREAKING: Russian forces claim full control of Bakhmut, a symbolic but costly victory for Putin SKIP TO CONTENT NBC News Logo Politics U.S. News World Business Tech Health Culture & trends NBC News Tipline Share & Save — My News Manage Profile Email Preferences Sign Out Search Search Profile  My News Sign Out  Sign In Create your free profile Sections Coronavirus U.S. News Politics World Local Business Health Investigations Culture & Trends Science Sports Tech & Media Video Features Photos Weather Select Asian America NBCBLK NBC Latino NBC OUT tv Today Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Featured NBC News Now Better Nightly Films Stay Tuned Special Features Newsletters Podcasts Listen Now More From NBC CNBC NBC.COM NBCU Academy NBC Learn Peacock NEXT STEPS FOR VETS Parent Toolkit NBC News Site Map Help Follow NBC News Search Search Facebook Twitter Email SMS Print Whatsapp Reddit Pocket Flipboard Pinterest Linkedin U.S. news Families prayed for a miracle as a deadly blizzard trapped their loved ones in cars. None came. “We still feel helpless,” said a relative of Anndel Taylor, 22, who was stuck in her car for two days before she was found dead on Christmas. Holiday snowstorm becomes Buffalo’s deadliest in history 02:09 Link copied Dec. 27, 2022, 9:40 PM UTC By  Melissa Chan The families prayed for a miracle, knowing their loved ones were trapped in their cars for days as an  unprecedented blizzard  paralyzed Buffalo, New York, with freezing temperatures and blinding snow. In Anndel Taylor’s home on Sunday night, a Christmas feast, full of the 22-year-old’s favorite dishes — macaroni and cheese, jerk pork and spiral ham — sat at the table untouched. At a nearby home, the food also went cold as   Edie   Syta   and her brother   received news that their   73-year-old   mother,   Stasia Jóźwiak, who drove to the supermarket on Friday, was never coming back.  “You hope for the freaking best and you want the best, and everyone’s praying and everyone wants a miracle, and it doesn’t turn out that way,” Syta said through tears.  At least 64 people in the U.S. have died in the blizzard that wreaked havoc in at least a dozen states, according to an NBC News tally. Erie County, New York, accounted for more than half the death toll at 33, including 28 in Buffalo, officials said.  Among the dead in Erie County were many who perished from heart problems while shoveling or blowing snow, County Executive Mark Poloncarz said. The "once in a lifetime" storm, Poloncarz added, also killed many people in their cars.  On Friday afternoon, Jóźwiak wanted to buy fresh fish to make a traditional Polish meal for Christmas Eve, but her red Chevy Cobalt   got stuck in a snowdrift, Syta said. Stasia Jóźwiak, 73, died while trapped in her car in the blizzard. Courtesy Edie Syta Jóźwiak asked for prayers when she spoke to her daughter around 7 p.m. At the time, she had been stuck in her car for about five hours.  “She said, ‘I need a miracle from God. Can you please pray for me?’ She said she loved me. I told her I loved her, too," Syta said. “I said, ‘Hold tight. We’re coming from you.'"  Syta and her spouse tried to dig out their truck to rescue her, but even their four-wheel pick-up truck with snow tires couldn't get anywhere.  When Jóźwiak stopped picking up her phone about two hours later,   her daughter called the police multiple times, as well as the National Guard,   the phone company,   storm hotlines   and any friend she could think of that could possibly help.  Syta’s spouse spent hours on foot, trying to find Jóźwiak, but was not successful.  On Christmas, Syta’s friends, who loved Jóźwiak and called her "Mama," set out to bring her home. Around 8 p.m., they found Jóźwiak's red Chevy and her body inside.  “It was such a shock,” Syta said. “I go through my emotions like a roller coaster." “I don’t want to believe it," she said twice. 'We still feel helpless' Anndel Taylor, who was weeks away from turning 23, was headed home from her assistant job at a nursing home Friday afternoon when whiteout conditions turned perilous and her car got stuck in the snow, her family said.  Taylor called the police, but she had no choice but to wait inside her car, which she kept running for warmth, said her mother, Wanda Brown Steele.  Taylor last spoke to her older sister shortly after midnight, telling her over the phone that she was going to go to sleep and try walking to safety in the morning. Anndel Taylor with her father. Taylor family Two days later, on Christmas night, a family friend found Taylor's car, which was still running, and broke through a window. He found Taylor lying dead in the reclined driver's seat. “I’m good one minute, then it hits me,” Brown Steele said, adding that the image of her daughter’s frozen body sucks the oxygen out of the room.  “That tore me up. I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t breathe,” she said.  Taylor had moved from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Buffalo in early 2020 to be with her diabetic father and to finish college, where she was studying business administration.  Her father, Handel Taylor, said on the days he'd leave for dialysis, Taylor would rub his legs and put his socks and shoes on him. In the mornings, she would often dangle her hair over him, tickling his sleeping face until he woke up.  "When I open my eyes, I’d see her standing over me," he said. "Sometimes I’d laugh. Sometimes I’d say, 'Get out of my room.'" He chuckled as he remembered the happy memories he had with his daughter, especially in the last two years they lived together.  In August, when the family went to the state fair, Taylor asked her father to ride the carousel with her. At 51, he did not want to but he hopped on board anyway.  "All the kids were looking at me. That was embarrassing," he said. "I wanted her to be happy.” Taylor was a go-getter, determined to finish school, save enough money to buy a house and open up a business with her brother. "She had plans. She was doing it," her mother said. "She got further than anybody, including myself." In the snowed-in Buffalo home that Taylor called home, there is nothing much to do but mourn her. "Everywhere in the house, everybody sees her face," said Taylor's stepmother, Lasheena Smith. "We still feel helpless." Melissa Chan Melissa Chan is a reporter for NBC News Digital with a focus on veterans’ issues, mental health in the military and gun violence. About Contact Help Careers Ad Choices Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information CA Notice Terms of Service NBC News Sitemap Advertise Select Shopping Select Personal Finance © 2023 NBC UNIVERSAL NBC News Logo MSNBC Logo Today Logo

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cars for Sale 
 Research & Reviews 
 News & Videos 
 Sell Your Car 
 Service & Repair 
 
 
 
 
Menu
             
 Menu 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cars for Sale 
 Research & Reviews 
 News & Videos 
 Sell Your Car 
 Service & Repair 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 
 arrow-left 
 An arrow pointing left. 
 
 
 News 
 
 Latest news 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEWS
           
 
Limited Chiron Sport Marks 110 Years of None of Us Owning a Bugatti
           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bugatti Chiron Sport 110 Ans Bugatti | Manufacturer image 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By Brian Normile 
 March  8, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share
     
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 E-mail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   The appropriate gift for a 110th anniversary is apparently an ultra-limited hypercar, at least if you’re exotic, high-performance French sports car manufacturer Bugatti. To celebrate that automaker’s 110 years of gorgeous, powerful and rare cars, Bugatti has made a … gorgeous, powerful and rare Chiron Sport and will be bringing it to the U.S. for the first time at the 2019 New York International Auto Show. 
   Related:  More 2019 New York Auto Show Coverage 
   Bugatti has taken 20 of its Chiron Sport cars — the lighter,  sportier  version of its nearly 1,500-horsepower Chiron — and given them all an incredible two-tone blue paint scheme and special interior treatment featuring a number of nods to its homeland in the form of French Tricolour flag details inside and out. 
 
 
 
 
   The most prominent Tricolour detail is on the underside of the Chiron’s active rear spoiler, but the mirror caps also feature the blue-white-red on each side, with the blue closest to the front of the car as it is on official French vehicles. The brake calipers are also painted French Racing Blue, a color I didn’t know was a thing until now. The two-tone paint mentioned above may not look it at first glance, but while both the front and rear sections are matte Steel Blue, the front is exposed carbon fiber, giving it a darker, flatter finish; this is easily the best paint scheme I’ve seen on any Chiron since its debut. “110 Ans Bugatti” medallions are located behind each side window. 
   Inside, the blue-on-blue motif continues with Deep Blue leather and French Racing Blue accents. Materials include leather, Alcantara and carbon fiber, and the flag accents can be found embroidered on the seats and at the 12 o’clock position on the steering wheel. Embroidered anniversary medallions are stitched into the head restraints, and a solid silver medallion is placed in the center console. 
   More From Cars.com: 
 
   Bugatti Chiron Sport: When 1,479 Horsepower Just Isn’t Sporty Enough 
 
   Talk About Having Your Car on Blocks! Lego Builds Working Bugatti Chiron 
 
   12 Cars That Stole the Show During Monterey Car Week 
 
   Hey, You Two! Your 2018 Bugatti Chirons Are Being Recalled 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Thumbnails 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1/11
       
 
 
 Bugatti Chiron Sport 110 Ans Bugatti | Manufacturer image 
 
 
 
 
   The bad news, of course, is not only that these are insanely expensive — no price is given by Bugatti, but a regular Chiron Sport is already about $3.3 million, so … more than that — but only 20 will be built and each one is probably already spoken for. No “ je me réveillé dans une nouvelle Bugatti ” for you. 
   However, if you  do  happen to be one of the extremely fortunate 20 buyers and are reading this, please contact me. If you’d like to see the car in the meantime, you can head to the 2019 New York auto show, April 19-28, where one will be on display. 
   Cars.com’s Editorial department is your source for automotive news and reviews. In line with Cars.com’s long-standing ethics policy, editors and reviewers don’t accept gifts or free trips from automakers. The Editorial department is independent of Cars.com’s advertising, sales and sponsored content departments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Latest news
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 90,000 Mitsubishi Outlander, Outlander Plug-in Hybrid SUVs Recalled Over Backup Cameras 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stunning Pricing for Stunning 2024 Lincoln Nautilus Starts at $51,810 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Is the 2023 Lexus RZ 450e a Good Electric Car? 5 Pros and 4 Cons 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 See all latest news 
 
 
 
 Learn more 
 Shop the Bugatti Chiron 
 2019 Bugatti Chiron specs and reviews 
 Compare the 2019 Bugatti Chiron 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured stories 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 2024 Ford Ranger, Ranger Raptor Up Close: All in the Family 
 
 
 By Mike Hanley 
 May 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 What's the Best Compact SUV of 2023? 
 
 
 By Mike Hanley 
 May  8, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 Toyota RAV4 Prime and Hyundai Tucson Plug-in Hybrid: Testing EV Range, Efficiency in Colder Temperatures 
 
 
 By Mike Hanley 
 May  9, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Latest expert reviews 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Expert Review 
 2024 Alfa Romeo Tonale Review: A Shot of Espresso in a Decaf World 
 
 
 
 
 
 By Aaron Bragman 
 Detroit Bureau Chief 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Expert Review 
 2023 Mercedes-Benz GLC300 Review: Fresher but Still Frustrating 
 
 
 
 
 
 By Aaron Bragman 
 Detroit Bureau Chief 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Expert Review 
 2024 Porsche Cayenne S Review: The Spice Must Go 
 
 
 
 
 
 By Brian Normile 
 Road Test Editor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Buying & Selling 
 
 
 
 
 Find a Car 
 Find a Dealer 
 Listings by City 
 Certified Pre-Owned 
 Car Payment Calculators 
 Car Reviews & Ratings 
 Compare Side by Side 
 Fraud Awareness 
 Sell Your Car 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Explore Our Brand 
 
 
 
 
 NewCars.com 
 DealerRater 
 
 
 
 
 
 For Dealers 
 
 
 
 
 Dealer Login 
 GrowWithCars.com 
 FUEL 
 Dealer Inspire 
 DealerRater 
 Accu-Trade 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our Company 
 
 
 
 
 About Cars.com 
 Contact Cars.com 
 Investor Relations 
 Careers 
 Licensing & Reprints 
 Site Map 
 Feedback 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our Mobile App 
 
 
 Download the App Today 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Connect With Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Terms & Conditions of Use 
 Privacy Notice 
 California Privacy Notice 
 My Privacy Choices 
 Accessibility Statement 
 Ad Choices 
 
 ©
2023 Cars.com. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Access Denied 
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.ilsos.gov/publications/pdf_publications/dsd_x142.pdf" on this server. 
Reference #18.7131002.1684653805.9ebb7cb

